fix traefik doc TLS (#7539)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/https/tls.md

!!! important "Restriction"

    Any store definition other than the default one (named `default`) will be ignored,

>     and there is the fore only one globally available TLS store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and there is therefore only one globally available TLS store.
```

Author: OK, Thanks for  your Suggestion
